#1. The required libraries installation.
Load the archive with plugin to the site.
Use the "Expand" - "Install new module" section available at YOUR_HOST/admin/modules/install

Specify the path to the archive in the "Install from the URL-address" margin. Or select the file on the computer and then click "Install".
The system installs new "Sape Module"

#2. Site's setup.
For the normal module's operation it's important to remove the "Internal Page Cache" extension which caches site's content for the anonymous users.
If the site applies other modules used for complete caching of the site for anonymous users, remove them too.
For "Internal Page Cache" removal use the "Expand"- "Remove" section available at YOUR_HOST/admin/modules/uninstall - 

Select the "Internal Page Cache" module and click "Delete".
The system removes the "Internal Page Cache" module.

#3. The "Sape Module" setup.
Use "Configuration" -"Development" - "Sape settings" section for module setup available at YOUR_HOST/admin/config/development/sape.

All settings are based on specification of the sape.ru user ID in the "_SAPE_USER" margin and selection of the monetizing options:
- Simple links
- Simple links
- Articles
- Teasers
- RTB

For the normal teasers operation select the file's name indicating images. It is specified in sape.ru settings (site's settings - teasers - the file's name indicating images).
The file will be generated by the module independently while selecting its name.

Installation of the debug mode flag will activate the debug information output during output of the blocks. For more details see - http://help.sape.ru/sape/faq/270

#4. The placement of module's blocks
For the placement of module's blocks containing the output of the respective components of monetization, use the "Structure" - "Blocks' map" section available at DOMEN/admin/structure/block.
Select the site's area to which you want to add the block you are interested in. Click "Locate the block" to add it.
There are 4 types of blocks that are supplied with Sape module:
- Sape Articles is the output of the articles preview
- Sape Links is the links output 
- Sape RTB is the RTB blocks output
- Sape Tizer is the teaser blocks output

##4.1 Sape Articles
- Set the block's title (if it is necessary)
- Set the number of previews that will be displayed on the page.
- Set the alternative text that will be displayed on the page, if there are no articles previews.
- Save changes
Then for the articles output use the sape.articles interfaces (http://articles.sape.ru/wm/sites/)

##4.2 Sape Links
- Set the block's title (if it is necessary)
- Set the number of links that will be displayed in the block
- Select the format in which links will be placed.
The following formats of the links displaying are available:
in the text form, in the blocks form
- Select how the block will be displayed:
vertically or horizontally
- Set the alternative text that will be displayed on the page, if there are no links.
- Save changes

##4.3 Sape RTB
- Set the block's title (if it is necessary)
In the "RTB block's code'"margin place the block's code with sape.RTB.
The code for placement is formed on the «RTB» section - https://rtb.sape.ru/wm/
- Save changes

##4.4 Sape Tizer
- Set the block's title (if it is necessary)
- Set the teaser block's ID. How create a teaser block for the site see at http://help.sape.ru/sape/faq/1677
- Set the alternative text that will be displayed on the page, if there is no teaser.
- Save changes
